Merge README files and incorporate the new name (#117)
tatarize/pyembroidery: README.md

NOTE: This is an updated fork of the original https://github.com/EmbroidePy/pyembroidery.

# Pystitch

Python library for the reading and writing of embroidery files.

Compatible with Python >=3.9

To install:
```bash
pip install pystitch
```

Any suggestions or comments please raise an issue on the github.

> pystitch was coded from the ground up with all projects in mind. It includes a lot of higher level and middle level pattern composition abilities, and should accounts for any knowable error. If you know an error it does not account for, raise an issue. It should be highly robust with a simple api so as to be reasonable for *any* python embroidery project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pystitch was coded from the ground up with all projects in mind. It includes a lot of high and middle level pattern composition abilities, and should account for any known error. If you know an error it does not account for, raise an issue. It should be highly robust with a simple api so as to be reasonable for *any* python embroidery project.

```
Grammar fix.

---

> This software is in no way derived from or based on Jackson Yee's abandoned 2006 "pystitch" project. The name was simply taken from libEmbroidery and written in python and thus a portmanteau of those. I was unaware of the project until after the all the principal work on this project was complete. I apologize for any confusion this may cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This software is in no way derived from or based on Jackson Yee's abandoned 2006 "pyembroidery" project. The name "pyembroidery" for the project from which this was forked was simply taken from libEmbroidery and written in python and thus a portmanteau of those. Awareness of Jackson Yee's project was only obtained after all the principal work on this project was complete - apologies for any confusion this may cause.

```
Jackson Yee's project was called pyembroidery not pystitch.
